
<h1 id="revised_concept_note">6. Revised Concept Note</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

<strong><span style='color:red; '>NOTE: Please to submit this assignment, please email your document directly to your small group faculty and CC <a href="mailto:&#x54;&#x49;&#x44;&#x49;&#x52;&#x48;&#x40;&#x6e;&#x69;&#x68;&#x2e;&#x67;&#x6f;&#x76;" class="mail" title="&#x54;&#x49;&#x44;&#x49;&#x52;&#x48;&#x40;&#x6e;&#x69;&#x68;&#x2e;&#x67;&#x6f;&#x76;">TIDIRH@nih.gov</a> so that we can mark your assignment complete.</span></strong>
<br/>

</p>
<hr />

</div>

<h4 id="assignment_6">Assignment #6:</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
The sixth and final assignment of the online training is a revision of your concept note, using the preceding five modules of course material and feedback from your group and faculty. There are two sections we are looking for in this document: 
</p>

<p>
<em class="u">The first half</em> (~250 – 400 words) should be a reflection on your growth during this course. What are some specific ways in which your concept note has been revised based on course material (e.g., revised aims based on lectures; changed study design based on readings; added measures based on review of online discussion threads)? What content did you find most interesting or surprising in the course, and how did you integrate that information into your revised concept note (where applicable)? Finally, can you identify several key areas where you feel you would most benefit from further study/discussion or areas that you felt were missing from the training?
</p>

<p>
<em class="u">The second half</em> (2 – 3.5 pages) will be the actual revision of your project concept that was submitted with your application. You will want to base it on the specific aims page in terms of your overall study, including the critical framing elements in that document. However, this concept should expand on the specific aims and elaborate on the details of your potential/planned research study by considering all of the elements from the course, such as models/frameworks and overall research design. Details of methods and measures, fidelity/adaptation, implementation strategies, analysis plan and timeline should be discussed. This concept should read like a roadmap to your proposed study. We will be using this as a working document for the small group discussion at the in-person meeting.  
</p>

<p>
<strong>The ENTIRE document should be no more than 4 pages, including the ½ page reflection and your revised note (standard font/spacing/borders) excluding references.</strong>
</p>

</div>
