
<h1 id="introduction_to_dissemination_and_implementation_research">1. Introduction to Dissemination and Implementation Research</h1>
<div class="level1">



</div>

<h3 id="video_content">Video Content</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Welcome &amp; Overview (X minutes) - Dr. Christine Hunter (OBSSR)  Recording available here. 
The link will open a new internet page, please select the playback option.
</p>

<p>
Introduction to D&amp;I (58 minutes) - Dr. Ross Brownson (WashU) &amp; Dr. Amy Kilbourne (VA) <a href="https://cbiit.webex.com/cbiit/ldr.php?RCID=b30e53c8177aecf87bec1413582164d9" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="https://cbiit.webex.com/cbiit/ldr.php?RCID=b30e53c8177aecf87bec1413582164d9" rel="nofollow noopener">Recording available here</a>. The link will open a new internet page, please select the playback option.
</p>

<p>
Slide deck: Introduction webinar TIDIRH.pdf <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:intro_to_d:introduction_webinar_-_tidirh.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:intro_to_d:introduction_webinar_-_tidirh.pdf (2.1 MB)" rel="noopener">PDF (2,120 KB)</a>
</p>

</div>

<h3 id="assigned_reading">Assigned Reading</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Bauer M. et al. (2015). An introduction to implementation science for the non-specialist. <em>BMC Psychology</em>. 16(3):32. <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:intro_to_d:bauer_introduction_to_implementation_science.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:intro_to_d:bauer_introduction_to_implementation_science.pdf (509.2 KB)" rel="noopener">PDF (510 KB)</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Proctor, EK. et al. (2012). Writing implementation research grant proposals: 10 key ingredients. <em>Implementation Science</em>. 7:96. <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:intro_to_d:proctor_writing_implementation_research_grant_proposals.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:intro_to_d:proctor_writing_implementation_research_grant_proposals.pdf (380.8 KB)" rel="noopener">PDF (381 KB)</a></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h3 id="optional_reading">Optional Reading</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Glasgow R, et al. (2012). National Institutes of Health Approaches to Dissemination and Implementation Science: Current and Future Directions. <em>American Journal of Public Health</em>, 102(7): 1274-1281. <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:intro_to_d:glasgow_et_al_ajph.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:intro_to_d:glasgow_et_al_ajph.pdf (563.7 KB)" rel="noopener">PDF (564 KB)</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Tinkle M. et al. (2013). Dissemination and Implementation Research Funded by the US National Institutes of Health, 2005-2012.  <em>Nursing Research and Practice</em>, 2013: Article ID 909606. <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:intro_to_d:tinkle_et_al_d_and_i_nih_grants.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:intro_to_d:tinkle_et_al_d_and_i_nih_grants.pdf (1.8 MB)" rel="noopener">PDF (1,880 KB)</a></div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<br/>

<strong><span style='color:red; '>NOTE: Please provide your response to the below assignment in your small group space.</span></strong>
</p>

<p>
<strong><span style='color:red; '>Upon completing this module, please <a href="https://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/4469461/Intro-to-D-I" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="https://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/4469461/Intro-to-D-I" rel="nofollow noopener">evaluate it here (via SurveyMonkey)</a> to help us improve the training!</span></strong>
 <br/>

</p>
<hr />

</div>

<h4 id="assignment_1adraft_specific_aims_page_due_to_small_group_august_24_2018">Assignment #1a: Draft Specific Aims Page (Due to Small Group August 24, 2018)</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Draft a specific aims page (2 pages maximum) of your proposed study. Consistent with most well-written D&amp;I-focused specific aims pages, it should generally address the following 5 elements (and questions):
</p>

</div>

<h5 id="health_problem">Health problem</h5>
<div class="level5">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Why is this health issue a problem, how bad or burdensome is the problem, and why should we be concerned about it?</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h5 id="evidence-based_practice_program_intervention_or_guideline">Evidence-based practice, program, intervention or guideline</h5>
<div class="level5">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">What do we know works? How effective is this intervention or program? What is the evidence base for it? If additional evidence is needed regarding the effectiveness of the innovation, describe the types of effectiveness data needed (e.g., different populations, settings).</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h5 id="dissemination_or_implementation_gap">Dissemination or implementation gap</h5>
<div class="level5">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Summarize the gap between the existing evidence base and what is being done in practice. What evidence indicates that the intervention, policy, practice, or guideline is not being disseminated or implemented? What are some reasons why it is not being optimally (or at all) disseminated or implemented? What is known about potential barriers or facilitators to successful implementation? Consider whether there is evidence about differential effectiveness across populations, settings, and other contextual factors. If relevant, discuss whether the proposed implementation will consider any potential de-implementation of an existing program or practice.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h5 id="specific_aims_2-3_aims_depending_on_size_and_scope_of_proposed_study_and_funding_mechanism">Specific Aims (~2-3 aims depending on size and scope of proposed study and funding mechanism)</h5>
<div class="level5">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">State each objective of your proposed study, followed by 2-3 sentences summarizing how you will accomplish the objective, and answer any stated research questions or hypotheses.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Your specific aims should include, if possible, information about the population being targeted, context/setting of the proposed study, scope (e.g., number of sites) and timeframe.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h5 id="importance_to_field">Importance to field</h5>
<div class="level5">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Briefly summarize why the proposed study is important to the field, advances our knowledge, and fills a gap in the D&amp;I literature.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Note that your specific aims page does not need to be polished; we are more interested in a brief overview of your proposed study rather than a ‘ready-to-submit’ aims page. If you need examples of specific aims pages, see sample grants available via <a href="https://cancercontrol.cancer.gov/IS/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="https://cancercontrol.cancer.gov/IS/" rel="nofollow noopener">NCI IS Team site</a>, sample grants hosted by <a href="https://impsci.tracs.unc.edu/get-funded/sample-grants/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="https://impsci.tracs.unc.edu/get-funded/sample-grants/" rel="nofollow noopener">UNC</a> and the <a href="http://www.biosciencewriters.com/NIH-Grant-Applications-The-Anatomy-of-a-Specific-Aims-Page.aspx" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.biosciencewriters.com/NIH-Grant-Applications-The-Anatomy-of-a-Specific-Aims-Page.aspx" rel="nofollow noopener">NIH Anatomy of a Specific Aims</a> page.
<br/>

</p>

</div>

<h4 id="assignment_1bbrief_overview_of_project_needed_for_small_group_calls_to_be_scheduled_the_week_of_september_4_2018">Assignment #1b: Brief Overview of Project (needed for small group calls to be scheduled the week of September 4, 2018)</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Based on feedback from the Specific Aims document, create a 3-5-slide PowerPoint presentation that summarizes your proposed study using the slide deck template provided. During your group call, you will have approximately 5 minutes to present the overview of your study, and approximately 5 minutes for questions, comments, and suggestions.
 <br/>

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Elevator Pitch Slide Guide &amp; Example <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:intro_to_d:elevator_pitch.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:intro_to_d:elevator_pitch.pdf (161.4 KB)" rel="noopener">PDF (162 KB)</a></div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
 <br/>

<strong>For this module your small group facilitators will be organizing a conference call or web meeting for you to practice giving your Elevator Pitch and for you to hear the work of your peers. This will occur the week of September 4th.</strong>
</p>

</div>
