
<h1 id="implementation_strategies">5. Implementation Strategies</h1>
<div class="level1">



</div>

<h3 id="video_content">Video Content</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Implementation Strategies (22  minutes) - Dr. Prajakta Adsul (NCI): <a href="http://www.scgcorp.com/tidirh-wiki/data/media/documents/implementation_strategies/Implementation_Strategies_Native_02.mp4" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.scgcorp.com/tidirh-wiki/data/media/documents/implementation_strategies/Implementation_Strategies_Native_02.mp4" rel="nofollow noopener">Recording available here</a>. This link is browser dependent, clicking it may open the recording in a new window or download the recording to your computer where you can then select to open it.
</p>

<p>
Slide deck: Impl Strategies.pdf <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:implementation_strategies:impl_strategies.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:implementation_strategies:impl_strategies.pdf (2 MB)" rel="noopener">PDF (2,026 KB)</a>
</p>

</div>

<h3 id="assigned_reading">Assigned Reading</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Powell BJ, et al. (2015). A refined compilation of implementation strategies: results from the Expert Recommendations for Implementing Change (ERIC) project. <em>Implementation Science</em>, 12:10. <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:implementation_strategies:powell_eric.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:implementation_strategies:powell_eric.pdf (595.4 KB)" rel="noopener">PDF (596 KB)</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Proctor EK, Powell BJ, McMillen JC. (2013). Implementation strategies: recommendations for specifying and reporting. <em>Implementation Science</em>, 8:139. <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:implementation_strategies:proctor_implementation_strategies.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:implementation_strategies:proctor_implementation_strategies.pdf (378.6 KB)" rel="noopener">PDF (379 KB)</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Powell BJ, et al. (2017). Methods to Improve the Selection and Tailoring of Implementation Strategies. <em>Journal of Behavioral Health Services</em>, 44(2):177-194. <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:implementation_strategies:powell_et_al_tailoring.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:implementation_strategies:powell_et_al_tailoring.pdf (811 KB)" rel="noopener">PDF (811 KB)</a></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h3 id="optional_reading">Optional Reading</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Kirchner J, Waltz T, Powell BJ, Smith JL, Proctor EK. (2018). Implementation Strategies (Chapter 15). Brownson R et al. <em>Dissemination and Implementation Research in Health: Translating Science to Practice</em>. New York; Oxford University Press.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Leeman J, Birken SA, Powell BJ, Rohweder C, Shea CM. (2017). Beyond “implementation strategies”: classifying the full range of strategies used in implementation science and practice. <em>Implementation Science</em>, 12(1):125. <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:implementation_strategies:beyon_strat_-_leeman_2017.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:implementation_strategies:beyon_strat_-_leeman_2017.pdf (567.5 KB)" rel="noopener">PDF (568 KB)</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Powell BJ, McMillen JC, Proctor EK, Carpenter CR, Griffey RT, Bunger AC, Glass JE, York JL. (2012). A compilation of strategies for implementing clinical innovations in health and mental health. <em>Medical Care Research Review</em>, 69(2):123-57. <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:implementation_strategies:compilation_-_powell_2012.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:implementation_strategies:compilation_-_powell_2012.pdf (700.8 KB)" rel="noopener">PDF (701 KB)</a></div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<br/>

<strong><span style='color:red; '>NOTE: Please provide your response to the below assignment in your small group space.</span></strong>
</p>

<p>
<strong><span style='color:red; '>Upon completing this module, please <a href="https://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/4463334/Implementation-Strategies" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="https://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/4463334/Implementation-Strategies" rel="nofollow noopener">evaluate it here (via SurveyGizmo)</a> to help us improve the training!</span></strong>
 <br/>

</p>
<hr />

</div>

<h4 id="assignment_5">Assignment #5:</h4>
<div class="level4">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">If relevant, what are the specific implementation strategies that you will be focusing on in your proposed research and how have you selected them?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">How might you link specific implementation strategies to the context in which your work is set?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">If your proposed study does not involve selecting implementational strategies but you are evaluating the outcomes of exposure to a program or policy implemented by others (e.g., natural experiment), how will you measure key differences in implementation variation such as by time, population, setting/location, dose or, content? </div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
