
<h1 id="fidelity_adaptation">2. Fidelity &amp; Adaptation</h1>
<div class="level1">



</div>

<h3 id="video_content">Video Content</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Fidelity &amp; Adaptation (38 minutes) - Dr. David Chambers (NCI). <a href="https://cbiit.webex.com/cbiit/ldr.php?RCID=c685964a8b52edbc51bb583b112d999b" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="https://cbiit.webex.com/cbiit/ldr.php?RCID=c685964a8b52edbc51bb583b112d999b" rel="nofollow noopener">Recording available here</a>. The link will open a new internet page, please select the playback option.
</p>

<p>
Slide deck: FINAL fidelityadaptation.pdf <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:fidelity_adaption:final_fidelityadaptation.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:fidelity_adaption:final_fidelityadaptation.pdf (1.9 MB)" rel="noopener">PDF (1,975 KB)</a>
</p>

</div>

<h3 id="assigned_reading">Assigned Reading</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Gonzales Castro F, Yasui M. (2017). Advances in EBI Development for Diverse Populations: Towards a Science of Intervention Adaption. <em>Prevention Science</em>, 18:623-629. <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:fidelity_adaption:gonzales_advances_in_ebi_development.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:fidelity_adaption:gonzales_advances_in_ebi_development.pdf (391 KB)" rel="noopener">PDF (392 KB)</a> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Rabin BA, McCreight M, Battaglia C, et al. (2018). Systematic, Multimethod Assessment of Adaptations Across Four Diverse Health Systems Interventions. <em>Frontiers in Public Health</em>, 6:102. <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:fidelity_adaption:rabin_et_al_multimethod_assessment.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:fidelity_adaption:rabin_et_al_multimethod_assessment.pdf (153.3 KB)" rel="noopener">PDF (154 KB)</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Stirman SW, Miller CJ, Toder K, Calloway C. (2013). Development of a framework and coding system for modifications and adaptations of evidence-based interventions. <em>Implementation Science</em>, 2013(8). 10.1186/1748-5908-8-65. <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:fidelity_adaption:stirman_et_al.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:fidelity_adaption:stirman_et_al.pdf (1 MB)" rel="noopener">PDF (1,028 KB)</a></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h3 id="optional_reading">Optional Reading</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Allen J, Shelton R, Emmons K, Linnan L. (2018). Fidelity and Its Relationship to Implementation Effectiveness, Adaptation, and Dissemination (Chapter 16). <em>Dissemination and Implementation Research in Health: Translating Science to Practice</em>. New York; Oxford University Press.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Baumann A, Cabassa L, Wiltsey-Stirman S. (2018) Adaptation in Dissemination and Implementations Science (Chapter 17). Brownson R et al. <em>Dissemination and Implementation Research in Health: Translating Science to Practice</em>. New York; Oxford University Press.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Gonzales N. (2017). Expanding the Cultural Adaptation Framework for Population-Level Impact. <em>Prevention Science</em>, 18(6) 689-693. <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:fidelity_adaption:gonzales_expanding_the_cultural_adaptation_framework.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:fidelity_adaption:gonzales_expanding_the_cultural_adaptation_framework.pdf (343.6 KB)" rel="noopener">PDF (344 KB)</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Chambers, D.A. &amp; Norton, W.E. (2016) The Adaptome: Advancing the Science of Intervention Adaptation. <em>American Journal of Preventive Medicine</em>, 51(4S2):S124–S131. <a href="/tidirh-wiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=documents:fidelity_adaption:chambers_norton_2016.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" target="_blank" title="documents:fidelity_adaption:chambers_norton_2016.pdf (761.8 KB)" rel="noopener">PDF (762 KB)</a></div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<br/>

<strong><span style='color:red; '>NOTE: Please provide your response to the below assignment in your small group space.</span></strong>
</p>

<p>
<strong><span style='color:red; '>Upon completing this module, please <a href="https://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/4469467/Fidelity-Adaptation" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="https://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/4469467/Fidelity-Adaptation" rel="nofollow noopener">evaluate it here (via SurveyGizmo)</a> to help us improve the training!</span></strong>
 <br/>

</p>
<hr />

</div>

<h4 id="assignment_2">Assignment #2:</h4>
<div class="level4">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Will you be measuring and monitoring the fidelity with which the evidence-based intervention is delivered? If so, how? If not, why not? To what degree is there evidence that associates level of fidelity with individual level outcomes?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Will adaptations need to be made to your evidence-based intervention? If so, what aspects might need to be adapted? If applicable, what process would you use to guide those adaptations? Will you be considering how the intervention is likely to be adapted as it is delivered?</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
